c:\Users\alexandra.lignell\Documents\Filer backup\Programmering\C#\prog2.projekt1\projekt1\bin\Debug\net7.0\projekt1.exe
c:\Users\alexandra.lignell\Documents\Filer backup\Programmering\C#\prog2.projekt1\projekt1\bin\Debug\net7.0\flame-sword.png
c:\Users\alexandra.lignell\Documents\Filer backup\Programmering\C#\prog2.projekt1\projekt1\bin\Debug\net7.0\papillon.png
c:\Users\alexandra.lignell\Documents\Filer backup\Programmering\C#\prog2.projekt1\projekt1\bin\Debug\net7.0\poison-spider.png
c:\Users\alexandra.lignell\Documents\Filer backup\Programmering\C#\prog2.projekt1\projekt1\bin\Debug\net7.0\projekt1.deps.json
c:\Users\alexandra.lignell\Documents\Filer backup\Programmering\C#\prog2.projekt1\projekt1\bin\Debug\net7.0\projekt1.runtimeconfig.json
c:\Users\alexandra.lignell\Documents\Filer backup\Programmering\C#\prog2.projekt1\projekt1\bin\Debug\net7.0\projekt1.dll
c:\Users\alexandra.lignell\Documents\Filer backup\Programmering\C#\prog2.projekt1\projekt1\bin\Debug\net7.0\projekt1.pdb
c:\Users\alexandra.lignell\Documents\Filer backup\Programmering\C#\prog2.projekt1\projekt1\bin\Debug\net7.0\Raylib-cs.dll
c:\Users\alexandra.lignell\Documents\Filer backup\Programmering\C#\prog2.projekt1\projekt1\bin\Debug\net7.0\runtimes\linux-x64\native\libraylib.so
c:\Users\alexandra.lignell\Documents\Filer backup\Programmering\C#\prog2.projekt1\projekt1\bin\Debug\net7.0\runtimes\osx-arm64\native\libraylib.dylib
c:\Users\alexandra.lignell\Documents\Filer backup\Programmering\C#\prog2.projekt1\projekt1\bin\Debug\net7.0\runtimes\osx-x64\native\libraylib.dylib
c:\Users\alexandra.lignell\Documents\Filer backup\Programmering\C#\prog2.projekt1\projekt1\bin\Debug\net7.0\runtimes\win-x64\native\raylib.dll
c:\Users\alexandra.lignell\Documents\Filer backup\Programmering\C#\prog2.projekt1\projekt1\bin\Debug\net7.0\runtimes\win-x86\native\raylib.dll
c:\Users\alexandra.lignell\Documents\Filer backup\Programmering\C#\prog2.projekt1\projekt1\obj\Debug\net7.0\projekt1.csproj.AssemblyReference.cache
c:\Users\alexandra.lignell\Documents\Filer backup\Programmering\C#\prog2.projekt1\projekt1\obj\Debug\net7.0\projekt1.GeneratedMSBuildEditorConfig.editorconfig
c:\Users\alexandra.lignell\Documents\Filer backup\Programmering\C#\prog2.projekt1\projekt1\obj\Debug\net7.0\projekt1.AssemblyInfoInputs.cache
c:\Users\alexandra.lignell\Documents\Filer backup\Programmering\C#\prog2.projekt1\projekt1\obj\Debug\net7.0\projekt1.AssemblyInfo.cs
c:\Users\alexandra.lignell\Documents\Filer backup\Programmering\C#\prog2.projekt1\projekt1\obj\Debug\net7.0\projekt1.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
c:\Users\alexandra.lignell\Documents\Filer backup\Programmering\C#\prog2.projekt1\projekt1\obj\Debug\net7.0\projekt1.csproj.CopyComplete
c:\Users\alexandra.lignell\Documents\Filer backup\Programmering\C#\prog2.projekt1\projekt1\obj\Debug\net7.0\projekt1.dll
c:\Users\alexandra.lignell\Documents\Filer backup\Programmering\C#\prog2.projekt1\projekt1\obj\Debug\net7.0\refint\projekt1.dll
c:\Users\alexandra.lignell\Documents\Filer backup\Programmering\C#\prog2.projekt1\projekt1\obj\Debug\net7.0\projekt1.pdb
c:\Users\alexandra.lignell\Documents\Filer backup\Programmering\C#\prog2.projekt1\projekt1\obj\Debug\net7.0\projekt1.genruntimeconfig.cache
c:\Users\alexandra.lignell\Documents\Filer backup\Programmering\C#\prog2.projekt1\projekt1\obj\Debug\net7.0\ref\projekt1.dll
c:\Users\alexandra.lignell\Documents\Filer backup\Programmering\C#\prog2.projekt1\projekt1\bin\Debug\net7.0\papillon_right.png
